(dramatic instrumental music)
Fact is...
I can't fight against Baji.
(gasps)
That's honestly where
I stand on this!
What I need is for you to help!
Tomorrow, we are going
to crush Valhalla
and bring Baji back to Toman!
That's how this
battle's gonna go down!
(cheers)
[Takemichi] Mikey!
Wow!
Hey...
who are all these people?
[Chifuyu] Toman versus
Valhalla is a big draw.
So all the delinquent
bosses around Tokyo
are gonna be watching
this closely.
Well that's enough chit-chat!
Let's bring out today's stars!
All right, on this side...
Tokyo Manji Gang!!
And Valhalla!
We only have one
condition for this fight.
Keisuke Baji's return.
That's all I'm gonna say.
[Kazutora] Then bring it on!
Hey punk, are you gonna
fight here or you gonna-
(grunts)
(earring jangles)
Come on. Get real.
We came here to beat
the shit outta you
and leave you all dead!
Let's get them!
Toman!
(gang growling)
[Shuji] Kill 'em all, Valhalla!!
(gangs shouting)
Toman dies today!
(laughing)
(grunting)
(heads slam)
(groaning)
(grunting)
[Takemichi] Whoa!
These guys sure didn't waste
any time getting started!
Shit!
But...
where the hell is Baji?
(shouting)
(grunting)
Here it comes!
Mikey!
(dramatic orchestral music)
Like I'd ever let you lay a
finger on Mikey, Kazutora.
You're gonna have to
get through me first.
Oh is that so?
(grunts)
(groaning)
At last!
You're gonna get your
ass kicked by me, Draken!
Bring it on then Hanma.
Let's see what you got.
Have fun Kazutora!
Mikey's all yours!
Let's get started!
(chuckling)
(intense orchestral music)
You're gonna at least
be entertaining yeah?
Mr. Vice Captain. (chuckles)
(punches hand)
Oh I wouldn't worry about that.
I can't even remember the
last time I got to go all-out.
How about this, huh?
Man, I've been waiting for
this for a long time Mikey!
(chuckles)
I'm not gonna hold
back Kazutora.
Too late for that.
(gangs shouting)
(opening theme music)
(grunting)
(breathing heavily)
[Takemichi] Mikey and
Kazutora are facing off?
(groans)
You picked a bad place
to daydream, asshole!
(grunts)
(shouting)
[Takemichi] Shit, I'm gonna die!
(grunts)
(groaning)
(gasps)
Stand up Takemichi.
Thanks for that Mitsuya!
You're a lifesaver!
(scoffs)
And you're a dumbass!
(gasps)
What the hell?
You come here to stand
around and watch?
We're here to fight!
Every last one of us!
You're part of the
Second Division
and don't you forget it!
(shouting)
(grunts)
So get your head
in the game, kid!
[Takemichi] Yeah, he's right!
Besides, if I get killed here,
what the hell was the point?
(dramatic orchestral music)
I need to focus, just focus
on the enemy in front of me!
-(growling)
-(gasps)
Wait, wait, wait!
The enemy's already in front
of me? A loser like me?
I'm actually here, actually
fighting real delinquents?
No, no, no! I can't!
This is too terrifying!
(screaming)
You scared?
Just keep your eyes on the
enemy in front of you...
partner.
Chifuyu!
It's all gonna be all right
pal. I've got your back.
There's nobody here who
isn't afraid of fighting.
All that really counts...
is the way you face that fear.
(intense rock music)
(grumbling)
(shouting)
(yelling)
(grunts)
(breathing heavily)
All right then! Bring
it on you assholes!
(grunting)
Ow! That hurt!
But I need to do this!
I have to fight
through the pain!
(grunts)
I need to change the
worst possible future!
(grunting)
(breathing heavily)
(gangs shouting)
(grunting)
Are Valhalla a bunch
of losers or what?
(grunting)
(coughing)
(titters)
(screams)
(grunting)
Mitsuya! Are you doing okay?
(grunts)
Yes.
There are too many of them.
Yeah, I know.
Like it wasn't
already bad enough
that we're outnumbered
by 300 to 150.
But on top of that, their
guys are older than us,
so they're bigger
and stronger too.
So even if our captains
hold their ground,
our other guys
are getting owned.
(grunts)
I give! I can't take it anymore!
Shut up and die!
(grunts)
Draken!
You better get a grip.
You start panicking and you
won't even stand a chance.
Yeah but...
It's not like I don't
wanna fight Draken!
I do!
We just can't fight the
way you and Mikey do!
We can't!
We're not that strong!
I'm sorry! (whimpers)
I'm going to protect
you. Every one of you.
So what's the holdup Draken?
You gonna come over
here and get me or what?
(grunting)
Our side's giving up.
And our commander's
too far away.
(faint chatter)
(dramatic orchestral music)
So come and get
me you jackasses!
(screaming)
(gasps)
You haven't seen the last
of me yet, you bastards!
Wha- Is that Takemichi?
-(groaning)
-(gasps)
I...
I'm not going down that
easy, you Valhalla assholes!
I'm still standing, damn it!
(dramatic instrumental music)
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna end all of you!
So just bring it on!
(whimpering)
(intense rock music)
Not bad dude.
Not bad at all.
[Toman Member] The hell
were you whining for
just a minute ago?
[Toman Member] You were
complaining too, jackass!
[Toman Member] He's right.
It doesn't matter if there's
more of them than us!
[Toman Member] Yeah! Bring
it on, you Valhalla punks!
You ain't shit!
[Toman Member] Come on you guys,
let's show 'em what
Toman's made of!!
(cheers)
Draken.
I think we're good now.
(Toman members shouting)
Well! I guess I don't need
to protect them after all.
(soft piano music)
Our only option is to attack.
Huh?
You just woke us all
the hell up, Takemichi.
Huh?
Let's rip these clowns
a new one, boys!
[Toman Member] We can't
make Draken worry about us,
you jerks, am I right?
(cheers)
(giggling)
(shouting)
Just watch this Takemichi.
What?
[Takashi] This'll work to
our advantage, big-time.
Why?
I don't get it.
What you did lit a fire
under all our guys!
(shouting)
So now Draken's not tied
down protecting them.
(grunting)
Die! Die!
[Takashi] Draken can change
the odds on this fight
all by himself!
My god! What the hell?
He just took out 10
guys in an instant!
(grunting)
There's no effing way!
He's a monster!
(grunting)
[Valhalla Member] And this
guy is Toman's Number Two?
[Valhalla Member] Yeah!
That's Ken Ryuguji!
(intense instrumental music)
(groaning)
Sorry you had to wait Hanma.
You sure you're gonna
be able to take me on?
You don't look like
you have anything left
in the old gas tank man.
No sweat, I was just finishing
my warmup routine here.
Huh?
Wow, man!
You asked for it Hanma!
Yeah let's dance! Do it Draken!!
[Takemichi] This is it!
Draken versus Hanma!
(intense rock music)
Let's do this Hanma!
Let's dance Draken!
(shouting)
(grunting)
(gasps)
-What the...
-Oh shit!
What the... (whimpers)
(overlapping chatter)
I'm not finished
with you yet, Hanma.
Well, I gotta admit that sucks.
I had my guard up and
you still got through.
What the hell was that?
You see how far he
sent Hanma flying?
[Takemichi] I knew he was
strong, but holy shit!
Draken is off the charts!
(grunting)
Hey! Kazutora!
Are you just gonna keep
running away from me?
(chuckles)
(shouts)
(dramatic orchestral music)
Hey, what's wrong Mikey?
Whatcha doin' on
your knees like that?
How the hell did he manage to
block that surprise attack?
That was just luck I'm sure.
Usually the rumors about a guy
being strong are just that.
Kazutora are you kidding me?
You can't even fight one-on-one?
One-on-one?
What the hell? I never
promised you that.
These two guys are
expert fighters
I recruited for my
own personal use.
They were the toughest
guys I met in juvie.
(intense rock music)
Well all right!
Let's do it Mikey!
(grunting)
Get outta there Chonbo!
-(shouts)
-(metal crunching)
Whoa, that was a close one!
You! You scuttle
like a cockroach.
Your turn now Chome.
Well what do you know, guess
he's the real deal after all.
(gangs shouting)
(grunting)
(cackles)
Huh?
(grunts)
(cackling)
(grunting)
You wanna know why
I lured you here
onto this pile of old cars?
Can you guess?
(intense rock music)
Because here the
footing's real unstable.
The junk moves under your feet.
So you won't be able to land
those famous nuclear
missile kicks of yours.
(grunts)
Ha! Time to get
this party started!
(grunting)
How is he beating both of us?
Yeah the kid's an
awesome fighter isn't he?
(grunting)
(laughing)
You're mine!
(metal pipe slams)
(body thuds)
(gasps)
No!
Mikey!
(scoffs)
No way!
Mikey get up!
Looks like Valhalla wins.
(groaning)
Is Mikey still going?
Just answer me one question...
Kazutora.
Huh?
Do you really believe it?
Do you really think
that I'm your enemy?
(delicate music)
You'll always belong to me...
Kazutora.
Which means that
all of your pain
and all of your suffering...
All of it...
belongs to me.
(voice shaking)
Betrayal is part
of human nature.
I don't remember much
from my childhood.
What I do remember seeing...
is a fist raised in the air,
and my mother's face as
she trembled in fear.
(whimpering)
[Mother] Kazutora, are you
taking your father's side?
(heart pounds)
Or...
are you on my side?
(voice shaking)
You can't choose both.
You have to choose just one.
(delicate music)
I suffered.
I suffered...
because of you and the
things that you did.
(heart pounds)
I spent two years in
juvie because of you.
Huh?
What the hell are you
even talking about?
Of course you're my enemy!
I'm going to eliminate
everything that
stands in my way.
Did you know, Mikey...
that if a person kills
someone, they're a bad guy.
But, if you kill your enemy...
you're a hero.
[Takemichi] What the hell
is this dude talking about?
He's lost his mind.
(titters)
Bat-shit cray-cray!
(groaning)
Hold him tight. Don't
let him get loose.
(grumbles)
-(grunts)
-(metal pipe smacks)
(whimpering)
Guess it's all over now.
-(grunts)
-(metal pipe slams)
(grumbling)
(metal pipe slamming)
This time Mikey's finished.
Huh?
But that's not fair!
He's got his arms
and legs pinned!
This isn't a fair fight!
Hang on Mikey!
(grunts)
Oh no you don't! You're still
playing with me remember?
(soft music)
I'm going to go down
in history as a hero!
By killing my enemy.
-(grunts)
-(metal pipe slams)
(emotional orchestral music)
Get up, Mikey!
So you want to kill your enemy.
(gasps)
Is that the reason...
(intense instrumental music)
you killed my brother?
(gasps)
(grunts)
Hey what the hell?
He's lifting me up!
(shouts)
(gasps)
(ground rumbling)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(growls)
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)